docs: add release notes for 5.11.0 (#1207)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[[release-notes-5.x]]
=== RUM JS Agent version 5.x

[[release-notes-5.11.0]]
==== 5.11.0 (2022-04-20)
[float]
===== Features

> * Agent now also send events when the user abandons or backgrounds the page, this makes sure the agent never miss an event. Before this change it was only sending them every 500ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Events are now beaconed when the user abandons or backgrounds the page, this makes sure the agent never miss an event. Before this change it was only sending them every interval configurable via `flushInterval`. 
```
